This is not a work of fiction.

There is a place called "Island of Flowers"

We are in Belém Novo, municipality of Porto Alegre, state of Rio Grande do Sul, in southern Brazil,

more precisely at 30 degrees, 12 minutes and 30 seconds South, and 52 degrees, 11 minutes and 23 seconds West.

We are currently walking in a tomato plantation, and we can see ahead, standing, a human being, in this case, a japanese man.

The japanese are distinguished from other human beings by the shape of their eyes, their black hair, and by their characteristic names. 

The japanese man in question is called

Suzuki.

Human beings are biped mammals, and distinguish themselves from other mammals, like whales,

or bipeds, like chickens, mainly by two characteristics: a highly developed telencephalon, and opposable thumbs.

The highly developed telencephalon allows human beings to store, associate, process and understand pieces of information.

The opposable thumb allows human beings a tweezer-like finger movement, which in turn allows for precise manipulation.

The highly developed telencephalon combined with the tweezer-like finger movement allowed human beings

to make innumerable improvements to their planet, including

growing tomatoes.

Tomatoes, unlike whales, chickens, and japanese people

is a vegetable.

Fruit of the tomato plant, tomatoes started being cultivated in the 1800s for its nutritional qualities.

Around 61 million tons of tomatoes are produces on Earth every year.

Mr Suzuki, despite working almost 12 hours daily, is responsible for a very small fraction of this production.

The main use of tomatoes is the feeding of humans.

Mr. Suzuki is a japanese man, and, therefore, a human being.  Despite this, Mr. Suzuki does not grow tomatoes with the intention to eat them. 

Almost all tomatoes grown by Mr. Suzuki are delivered to the supermarket in exchange for money.

Money was most likely created as an initiative by Giges, King of Lidia, a great kingdom in Asia Minor, in the 7th centure before Christ.

Christ was a jew.

Jews have a highly developed telencephalon  and opposable thumbs.

They are, therefore, human beings.

Until the creation of money, the economy was based on the direct exchange of goods.

The difficulty of calculating the amount of tomatoes equivalent to a chicken

and the difficulty of the direct exchange of chickens for whales where the main motivations for the creation of money.

Starting in the thrid centure BC, any action of object made by human beings

fruit of the collaboration between the highly developed telencephalon  and the opposable thumbs, 

as well as all living things, above and below ground -- tomatoes, chickens and whales -- can be exchanged for money.

To facilitate the exchange of tomatoes for money, human beings created supermarkets.

Ms. Anete is a Roman Apostolic Catholic biped mammal.

She has a highly developed telencephalon and opposable thumbs.  She is, therefore, a human being.

She came to this supermarket in order to exchange her money for tomatoes, amongst other things.

Ms. Anete obtained her money in exchange for the work she performs.

She uses her highly developed telencephalon and opposable thumbs to exchange perfumes for money.

Perfumes are liquids usually extracted from flowers, which make human beings smell more pleasantly than they would naturally.

Ms. Anete does not extract the perfumes. She exchanges them, at a factory, for a determined amount of money.

Once that is done, Ms. Anete walks from house to house, exchanging the perfumes for a slightly larger amount of money.

The difference between these two amount is called

profit.

Profit, which was once forbidden to Catholics, is today allowed for all human beings.

Ms. Anete's profit is small compared to the factory's profit, but it is enough to be exchanged for 1kg of tomatoes and 2 kg of meat -- in this case, the meat of a pig.

Pigs are mammals, like humans and whales, but quadrupeds.

They sever as food for the Japanese, the Catholics, and the remaining human beings -- with exception of the Jews.

The food that Ms. Anete exchanged for money, which she exchanged for perfumes extracted from flowers, will be consumed by her family during a single day.

A day is the time interval that it takes for the Earth to spin all the way around it's own axis.

Mid-day is lunch time.

A family is a community formed by a man and a woman, united in matrimony, and by the children born out of this union.

Some of the tomatoes Mr. Suzuki exchanged with the supermarket for money, and which were in turn exchanged for the money 

that Ms. Anete obtained as profit in the exchange of perfumes extracted from flowers were transformed into sauce for the pork.

One of these tomatoes, which according to Ms. Anete was in no condition to become sauce, was thrown in the garbage.

Garbage is all that is produced by human beings, in a collaboration between the highly developed telencephalon and the opposable thumbs

and that, according to the opinion of some human being, is in no condition to become sauce.

In a city like Porto Alegre, inhabited by over a million human beings, produces around 500 tons of garbage daily.

Garbage attracts all kinds of germs and bacteria, which in turn cause disease.

Diseases seriously harm the normal functioning of human beings.

Even when it does cause disease, the apearence and aroma of garbage are extremely unpleasant.

This is why garbage is taken a determined places, very far, where it can freely soil, smell badly and attract disease.

In Porto Alegre, one of the places chosen for garbage to smell badly and attract disease is called

Island of Flowers

An island is a portion of land surrounded by water from all sides.

Water is a odorless, insipid and discoloured substance, formed by two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.

Flowers are the reproductive organs of plants, usually scented and with bright colours.

Pleasantly smelling flowers can be turned into perfume, like the ones Ms Anete exchanged for money, which she in turn exchanged for tomatoes.

There are few flower at the Island of Flowers.

There is, however, a lot of garbage, and amongst it, the tomato Ms. Anete judged inadequate for the pork sauce.

There is also a lot of pigs.

The tomato Ms Anete judged inadequate for the pork she was serving as food for her family

 may turn out to be a great meal for a pig and its family, in the opinion of th epig.

It is important to remember Ms Anete has a highly developed telencephalon  and opposable thumbs, while pigs don't even have thumbs, let alone opposable ones.

Pigs have, however, an owner.

A pig's owner is a human being, with a highly developed telencephalon, opposable thumbs and money.

The pig's owner exchanged a small part of his money for a small plot of land in the Island of Flowers, thus becoming the owner of the plot.

A plot of land is a patch of land which has an owner and a fence.

This plot, where garbage is thrown, was fenced so that the pigs would not be able to go out, and so that human beings would not come in.

The employees of the pig's owner separate the organic matter which they think is fit for the pig's consumption from the garbage.

Organic matter is anything that was once living, in either animal or vegetable form.

Tomates, chickens, pigs, flowers and paper are all organic matter.

This piece of paper, for example, was used on a history test for high school students at the Nossa Senhora de Dores school,  and was given to the student Ana Luiza Nunes, a human being.

A history test is a test for the capacity of a human being's telencephalon  to remember data related to the study of history.

For example: who as Mem de Sá? What were the hereditary captaincies?

To remember is to live.

Some organic materials, like tomatoes and history tests, are given to pigs as food.

That which they consider inapropriate for the feeding of pigs, is used to feed women and children.

Women and children are human beings, with a highly developed telencephalon, opposable thumbs and no money.

They don't have an owner, and what is worse, they are many.

Being many, they are organized by the employees of the pig's owner into groups of 10, and they have the permission to go inside the fenced area.

Once inside the fenced area they can choose for themselves all the food the employees of the pig's owner judged innadequate for the pigs.

The employees stipulated that each group of 10 human beings has 5 minutes to stay within the fenced area

collecting organic matter, like tomatoes and history tests.

5 minutes are 300 seconds.

Since 1958, the second was defined as the equivalent of 9 billion, 192 million, 631 thousand and 770 cycles of radiation from a Cesium atom.

Cesium is a non-organic material found in the garbage in Goiânia.

The tomato, planted by Mr. Suzuki, exchanged for money at the supermarket,

exchanged for the money that Ms Anete exchanged for perfumes extracted from flowers, rejected for the pork sauce, thrown in the garbage,

rejected as food by the pigs, is now available for all the human beings at Island of Flowers.

What places the human beings at the Island of Flowers after the pigs in the priority for food choice

is the fact they have no money.

Human beings distinguish themselves from other animals by the highly developed telencephalon, opposable thumbs, and by being free.

Free is the state of a person with freedom.

Freedom is a word fed by human dreams, 

that no one can explain,

and that nobody cannot understand.